stop look he's gunning for trouble
double-oh-seven
it spells
shocking is the idol of every woman who
you James Bond the envy of every man the
Nemesis of the treacherous mr.
Goldfinger
go finger
I'm living supernatant double
who are you my name is [ __ ] Galore
isn't it customary to grant the
condemned man his last request you
Hospital come on / / honor Blackman as
[ __ ] Galore the female who is all
feline also starring gut roba as
Goldfinger international cheat
international menace doll bigger why
won't we told the New York and the West
Coast weren't on this no finger I made a
delivery where is my money and you owe
me 1 million bucks Goldfinger
the man with a finger in every pie his
goal Fort Knox the world's biggest bank
his enemies double-oh-seven the world's
mightiest toughest gentlemen agent with
license to kill
double-oh-seven it spells James Bond
mixing business with girls and thrills
girls and fun girls and danger the
hotter the danger the cooler he takes it
I think you've made your point
Goldfinger thank you for the
demonstration choose your next witticism
carefully Mr Bond it may be your last do
you expect me to talk
you